feat: new FAQs and docs (#21)
revoltchat/documentation: docs/faq/usage.md

---
sidebar_position: 6
---

# 6. What can I do with Revolt?

## Brand Guidelines

In general:
- The Revolt branding is used to represent the platform, revolt.chat.
- You may use the branding as-is to promote the platform and your community on the platform.

> - You should not use the branding in order to appear as if you are associated with the team.

Reviewer: should probably reword "the team" to be more clear

- Please make explicit distinctions between Revolt (the platform) and the Revolt software.
- The Revolt software is unbranded and only associated by name.

## Guidelines for Private Instances

- You **must** provide correct attribution in line with our software license:
  - If you are using official images ([GitHub Packages](https://github.com/orgs/revoltchat/packages) / [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/u/revoltchat)), attribution is included.
  - If you are modifying the software and using it in production, you must publish the changes to the source publicly in line with [AGPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html). (In addition to providing attribution back to the original project.)

> - You are **solely responsible** for whatever happens on your instance, we provide no warranty or liability for what happens on private instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You are **solely responsible** for whatever happens on your instance, we provide no warranty or liability for what happens on 3rd party instances.

```
